Feature/85 updated change log 0 3 0 (#86)
exasol/integration-test-docker-environment: doc/changes/changes-0.3.0.md

# Integration-Test-Docker-Environment 0.3.0, released 2021-06-08

In this release, we add support for new Exasol Docker-DB versions and Docker runtimes to the integration-test-docker-environment. For example, you can run the Docker-DB with the [NVIDIA Container Runtime](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-runtime) to add support for GPUs to the UDFs of the Exasol database. This allows you to test your GPU-accelerated UDFs in your CI environment, before deploying them on your production cluster. Furthermore, we converted the project from a pipenv project to a poetry project to improve packaging and reusability in the future.

### New supported Exasol Versions

* **6.2**: 6.2.14, 6.2.15,
* **7.0**: 7.0.4, 7.0.5, 7.0.6, 7.0.7, 7.0.8, 7.0.9, 7.0.10

If you need further versions, please open an issue.

### Tested Docker Runtimes

- Docker Default Runtime

> - [NVIDIA Container Runtime](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-container-runtime) for GPU accelerated UDFs

Author: Not sure if this is valid!!!
@tkilias  please confirm

Reviewer: yes, it is valid. Nothing has changed on that and got once tested. CI is not yet possible. Tested doesn't mean that we support it.

## Bug Fixes:

 - #71: Fix exception if goals are not available for docker builds
 - #26: Exception can get printed multiple times in the final exception summary if a task is the child task of multiple other tasks

## Features / Enhancements:
    
   - #83: Add docker-db versions 7.0.10 and 6.2.15-d1
   - #79: Remove support for Exasol 6.0 and 6.1
   - #72: Add support for new docker-db versions 6.2.14 and 7.0.9
   - #64: Add new docker-db versions

>    - #62: Prepare release for version 0.2.0

Author: It wasn't part of changes-0.2.0.md, so I was not sure. Will remove it.

# Integration-Test-Docker-Environment 0.3.0, released 2021-06-09

> Code name: New docker-db versions, bugfixes and minor improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code name: New docker-db versions, drop support for docker-db 6.0 and 6.1, bugfixes and minor improvements.
```

Reviewer: I think, the dropped support is important enough to be mentioned in the title

## Summary

> This release contains support for new docker-db versions, several bugfixes and a minor improvement which allows a new option for indicating the name server. Also, support for legacy Exasol versions (6.0 and 6.1) was removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release contains support for new docker-db versions, several bugfixes and a minor improvement which allows a new option for indicating the name server the docker-db should use. Also, support for legacy Exasol versions (6.0 and 6.1) was removed. 
```
